doc(schema_migration):small note for ADD_COLUMN_WITH_DEFAULT_VALUE (#175)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: schema-migration-helper-service.md

    UPDATE <schema.table> SET <column_name> = <default_value>;
    ```

> Note: 
> 1. If the ADD_COLUMN_WITH_DEFAULT_VALUE migration results in an unsupported error, Fivetran will fall back to using the already implemented `AlterTable` RPC implementation to create a new table. Please note that the new table will not contain any historical (back-dated) data.

> > 2. If the column already exists in the table, Fivetran will still send an `ADD_COLUMN_WITH_DEFAULT_VALUE` request. In this case, your implementation should skip the `ADD COLUMN` step (to avoid an error) but still execute the `UPDATE` to set the default value on all existing rows. This ensures rows that were present before the column was added receive the correct default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: 
> 1. If the ADD_COLUMN_WITH_DEFAULT_VALUE migration results in an unsupported error, Fivetran falls back to using the already implemented `AlterTable` RPC implementation to create a new table. The new table won't contain any historical (back-dated) data.
> 2. If the column already exists in the table, Fivetran still sends an `ADD_COLUMN_WITH_DEFAULT_VALUE` request. In this case, your implementation should skip the `ADD COLUMN` step (to avoid an error) but still execute the `UPDATE` to set the default value on all existing rows. This ensures that rows that existed before the column was added receive the correct default value.
```
